Time to practice the things you learned thus far in our course project.
Now what is our course project.
My goal in this project which we will build for the course to which will come back after the individual
sections of this course is to build a recipe book and shopping list app.
You saw it in the intro video off the course.
Basically there we're going to have two sections shopping list and recipe book and we will be able to
manage our recipes viewed them in detail and also to manage our shopping list and even push ingredients
from our recipe directly to a shopping list.
This application will use a lot of the features we learned from the course and therefore I think it's
perfect to practice these things and see them come together in a real app.
First of all though let's try to plan the application because before creating Yep you of course need
to have a plan and therefore in the next lecture we're going to think about which components we will
need for the different features of this application.